Add support for Vault to OpenBao migration (#85)
stackhpc/ansible-collection-hashicorp: playbooks/README.md

Vault to OpenBao migration playbook
-----------------------------------
`vault_bao_migration.yml` provides full play of Vault to OpenBao migration route for both single node and HA clustered Vault.

Playbook Variables
------------------

* Mandatory
    * `vault_hosts_group`: Name of ansible inventory group that runs Vault

`vault_bao_migration` Role Variables
------------------------------------

> This playbook also requires to be used role variables of the role `vault_bao_migration`. Please refer to the README of the role for more information about its variables.

Reviewer: Can you link to the other readme here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This playbook requires variables for the `vault_bao_migration` role to be set. Please refer to the README of the role for more information about its variables.
```

Author: I can try referencing I think

Vault to OpenBao migration playbook
-----------------------------------
`vault_bao_migration.yml` provides full play of Vault to OpenBao migration route for both single node and HA clustered Vault.

Playbook Variables
------------------

* Mandatory
    * `vault_hosts_group`: Name of ansible inventory group that runs Vault

`vault_bao_migration` Role Variables
------------------------------------

This playbook requires variables for the [`vault_bao_migration`](../roles/vault_bao_migration/README.md) role to be set. Please refer to the README of the role for more information about its variables.

Playbook Tags
-------------

You can run/skip part of the tasks by using following tags

* ``raft`` includes tasks for
  - Taking Consul snapshot
  - Migrating storage backend to Raft
  - Stopping Consul container
* ``migration`` includes tasks for
  - Taking Raft snapshot (Single node only)
  - Migrating Vault to OpenBao

> Prerequiste tasks are always run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prerequisite tasks are always run
```
